Updates "add a decoder" doc (#76)
ludwig-ai/ludwig-docs: docs/developer_guide/add_a_decoder.md

# 1. Add a new decoder class

Source code for decoders lives under `ludwig/decoders/`.
Decoders are grouped into modules by their output feature type. For instance, all new sequence decoders should be added
to `ludwig/decoders/sequence_decoders.py`.

!!! note

    A decoder may support multiple output types, if so it should be defined in the module corresponding to its most
    generic supported type. If a decoder is generic with respect to output type, add it to
    `ludwig/decoders/generic_decoders.py`.

To create a new decoder:

1. Define a new decoder class. Inherit from `ludwig.decoders.base.Decoder` or one of its subclasses.
2. Create all layers and state in the `__init__` method, after calling `super().__init__()`.

> 3. Implement your decoder's forward pass in `def forward(self, inputs, **kwargs):`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Implement your decoder's forward pass in `def forward(self, combiner_outputs, **kwargs):`.
```

> 4. Define `@property input_shape`.

Reviewer: This is actually not trivial to define for decoders since the input to the decoder is a dictionary of tensors. Sequence decoders, for now, return a dummy shape.

Note: `Decoder` inherits from `LudwigModule`, which is itself a [torch.nn.Module](https://pytorch.org/docs/stable/generated/torch.nn.Module.html),
so all the usual concerns of developing Torch modules apply.

All decoder parameters should be provided as keyword arguments to the constructor, and must have a default value.
For example the `SequenceGeneratorDecoder` decoder takes the following list of parameters in its constructor:

```python
from ludwig.constants import SEQUENCE, TEXT
from ludwig.decoders.base import Decoder
from ludwig.decoders.registry import register_decoder

@register_decoder("generator", [SEQUENCE, TEXT])
class SequenceGeneratorDecoder(Decoder):
    def __init__(
        self,
        vocab_size: int,
        max_sequence_length: int,
        cell_type: str = "gru",
        input_size: int = 256,
        reduce_input: str = "sum",
        num_layers: int = 1,
        **kwargs,
    ):
    super().__init__()
    # Initialize any modules, layers, or variable state
```

# 2. Implement `forward` and `input_shape`

Actual computation of activations takes place inside the `forward` method of the decoder.
All decoders should have the following signature:

```python

>     def forward(self, inputs, **kwargs):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    def forward(self, combiner_outputs, **kwargs):
```

        # perform forward pass
        # ...
        # output_tensor = result of decoder forward pass
        return output_tensor
```

__Inputs__

> - __inputs__ (torch.Tensor): The input tensor, which is the output of a combiner or the combination of combiner and the
> activations of any dependent output decoders. Inputs will either be a tensor of shape `b x h`, where `b` is the batch
> size and `h` is the embedding size, or a sequence of embeddings `b x s x h` where `s` is the sequence length.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- __combiner_outputs__ (Dict[str, torch.Tensor]): The input tensor, which is the output of a combiner or the combination of combiner and the
activations of any dependent output decoders. The dictionary of combiner outputs includes a tensor of shape `b x h`, where `b` is the batch
size and `h` is the embedding size, or a sequence of embeddings `b x s x h` where `s` is the sequence length.
```

__Return__

> - (torch.Tensor): The decoder output tensor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- (Dict[str, torch.Tensor]): A dictionary of decoder output tensors.
```
